oh this is young don't forget my oppas
holiday parties tonight I think we don't
really have to go to the thing tonight
do we now sweetie I know that you don't
like my office parties but you can wear
any new boots
see every cloud has a supple leather
lining I don't think that I want to wear
the boots today why not well you know
just I'm just worried that your bosses
will see them and think they pay you too
much money
Oh your assistants will see them and
want a raise do you think I work at some
kind of booth pricing company I think on
the founder that I want to wear and the
boots don't really go with it you said
that you paid all that money because
those boots go with skirts dresses and
pants fine if you want me to wear the
boots I'll wear the boots in fact I'll
go into my room right now and you'll try
the outfit on okay
wait